Mixxx 2.5.1 release announcement (#387)
mixxxdj/website: content/news/XXXX-XX-XX-mixxx-2_5_1-released.md

title: Mixxx 2.5.1 Released
authors: Evelynne Veys
tags: 2.5.1, release announcement
comments: yes
status: draft

#### Mixxx 2.5.1 Release Announcement

> We're proud to announce the release of Mixxx 2.5.1.

Reviewer: I like to emphasize which releases are beta and which are stable. 
```suggestion
We're proud to announce a new stable release of Mixxx, version 2.5.1.
It is recommended that all users update to this new version.
```

Thanks to your feedback, this release contains a lot of improvements, fixes, new and improved controller-mappings.

> We would like to emphasize the importance of testing new versions. You don't have to be a programmer to contribute to Mixxx. Translating, testing new features and checking for possible regression is just as important.

Reviewer 2: You write about features (plural), should regressions then be plural, too?

Author: regression = countable and uncountable (like progress) -> can hold different items.
Both are correct. But as we rarely use progresses, I'd prefer regression (singular) as well.

Reviewer 3: Admittedly just a nit, but I vote for plural. There might be a few independent regressions.

Author: OK, will do ... after an honest comment on the video, especially the music 😄
